markdown  code \# Setting up an SSL Certificate with Nginx on Ubuntu
20.04 using Certbot

This guide will walk you through the process of securing your website
with an SSL certificate using Nginx and Certbot on an Ubuntu 20.04
server.

\## Step 1: Install Certbot

First, update your package list and install Certbot and the Certbot
Nginx plugin:

\`\`\`bash sudo apt update sudo apt install certbot
python3-certbot-nginx Step 2: Configure Nginx Before obtaining the SSL
certificate, ensure your Nginx server is configured correctly to serve
your website. Modify your Nginx configuration file, typically located at
/etc/nginx/sites-available/your-site.conf. Add the following server
block:

nginx  code server { listen 80; server_name yourdomain.com
www.yourdomain.com;

location / { \# Your site configuration } } Replace yourdomain.com with
your actual domain name and customize the location block according to
your site\'s configuration.

Step 3: Obtain SSL Certificate Use Certbot to obtain an SSL certificate
for your domain:

bash  code sudo certbot \--nginx Follow the prompts to enter your
email address and agree to the terms of service. Certbot will
automatically detect your Nginx configuration and allow you to select
the domains you want to secure.

Step 4: Update Nginx Configuration Certbot will update your Nginx
configuration to include the SSL settings. Verify the changes in your
Nginx configuration file:

bash  code sudo nano /etc/nginx/sites-available/your-site.conf
Ensure the server block includes the SSL settings:

nginx  code server { listen 80; server_name yourdomain.com
www.yourdomain.com;

location / { \# Your site configuration }

\# SSL settings listen 443 ssl; ssl_certificate
/etc/letsencrypt/live/yourdomain.com/fullchain.pem; ssl_certificate_key
/etc/letsencrypt/live/yourdomain.com/privkey.pem; include
/etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf; ssl_dhparam
/etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem; } Step 5: Test and Reload Nginx Check
the syntax of your Nginx configuration and reload Nginx to apply the
changes:

bash  code sudo nginx -t sudo systemctl reload nginx Step 6:
Automatic Certificate Renewal Let\'s Encrypt certificates expire after
90 days. Set up automatic renewal by adding a cron job:

bash  code sudo crontab -e Add the following line to run Certbot\'s
renewal check twice a day:

plaintext  code 0 /12 certbot renew \--quiet Save and exit the text
editor.

Congratulations! Your website is now securely accessible over HTTPS with
a valid SSL certificate.

vbnet  code

Feel free to  and paste this content into your \`readme.md\` f
